# ğŸ“ Meeting Notes â€“ October 28, 2025

**Attendees:**  
- Alina  
- Connor  
- Thomas  
- Brandon  

---

## ğŸ“… Meeting Overview
**Date:** October 28, 2025  
**Time:** 3:00â€“3:30 PM (after class or on Zoom )  
**Purpose:** First team meeting to assign roles, confirm meeting schedule, and discuss initial milestone tasks.

---

## ğŸ§© Key Decisions
- Distributed team roles for project responsibilities.  
- Confirmed weekly meeting schedule: **Tuesdays, 3:00â€“3:30 PM (after class)**.  
- Started brainstorming possible **major features** for **Milestone 3** 

---

## ğŸ“‹ Progress & Updates
- Alina updated the **Jira board** with all tasks for **Milestone 1** (Backend Design).  
- Team reviewed the **Expense Tracker** front-end repository to understand existing components and data flow.  
- Discussed initial backend structure and database setup requirements.

---

## âœ… Action Items

| Task                                                     | Assigned To | Due Date     |
|----------------------------------------------------------|-------------|--------------|
| Review and analyze front-end codebase                    | Connor      | October 31st |
| Draft initial database schema and entity relationships   | Thomas      | October 31st |
| Plan REST API structure and endpoints                    | Brandon     | October 31st |
| Continue updating Jira board and maintain task tracking  | Alina       | Ongoing      |
| Upload these meeting notes (`MEETINGS.md`) to repository | Alina       | Immediately  |

---

**Next Meeting:** Tuesday, November 4, 2025 â€“ 3:00 PM  
**Focus:** Review backend design progress and finalize Milestone 1 deliverables.


# ğŸ“ Meeting Notes â€“ November 4, 2025

**Attendees:**  
- Alina  
- Connor  
- Thomas  
- Brandon  

---

## ğŸ“… Meeting Overview
**Date:** November 4, 2025  
**Time:** 3:00â€“3:20 PM (Zoom)
**Purpose:** Confirm weekly tasks, update Jira board, and discuss current GitHub issues.

---

## ğŸ§© Key Decisions
- Confirmed all tasks for the week and added them to the **Jira board**.  
- Ensured everyone understands their assignments.  
- Agreed that any questions or blockers should be shared in the **group chat**.  
- Reviewed current **GitHub issues**.

---

## ğŸ“‹ Progress & Updates
- All team members are updated on responsibilities for the week.  
- Jira board reflects accurate task assignments.  
- Team briefly reviewed current problems/issues in the GitHub repository.

---

## âœ… Action Items

| Task                                | Assigned To | Due Date     |
|-------------------------------------|-------------|--------------|
| Continue working on assigned tasks  | Everyone    | November 11  |
| Monitor GitHub issues               | Everyone    | Ongoing      |
| Keep Jira board updated             | Alina       | Ongoing      |


**Next Meeting:** Tuesday, November 11, 2025 â€“ 3:00 PM  
**Focus:** Review progress and begin planning major features for Milestone 3.


# ğŸ“ Meeting Notes â€“ November 11, 2025

**Attendees:**  
- Alina  
- Connor  
- Thomas  
- Brandon  

---

## ğŸ“… Meeting Overview
**Date:** November 11, 2025  
**Time:** 2:15-2:45 PM  
**Purpose:** Continue Milestone 1 development and brainstorm new features for Milestone 3.

---

## ğŸ§© Key Discussions

### ğŸ’¡ Major Feature Ideas for Milestone 3
- **Average of all categories** (monthly/yearly).  
- **Expected recurring expenses** prediction feature.  
- **Savings recommendation** based on salary.

---

## ğŸ“‹ Progress & Updates
- **Thomas** is progressing on the **database design**.  
- **Connor** is working on the **front end**, planning to add a **pie chart** for analytics.  
- **Brandon** is collaborating with Thomas on **REST APIs** and backend development.

---

## âœ… Action Items

| Task                                             | Assigned To | Due Date     |
|--------------------------------------------------|-------------|--------------|
| Continue database development                    | Thomas      | November 18  |
| Build front-end analytics components (pie chart) | Connor      | November 18  |
| Develop REST API endpoints                       | Brandon     | November 18  |
| Maintain Jira and documentation                  | Alina       | Ongoing      |

---

**Next Meeting:** Tuesday, November 18, 2025 â€“ 3:00 PM  
**Focus:** Backend integration, review progress, and continue planning Milestone 3 features.
